Vision:  The favorite choice for packaged wood in mass retail.
Mission:  Create value for clients by crafting simple low friction products.  
What We Do:  Package split firewood, wood chunks, cooking wood, smoking wood, charcoal and kindling under our own brands and white labels.  Headquarters for AMP is Birmingham, Alabama.  We sell and ship our products through direct sales, brokers and distributors.  
Our History:
AMP is a family owned and operated business in the “Magic City”, Birmingham, Alabama.  The company was founded by two ladies in 2022 to provide co-packing service to increase capacity of a local firewood manufacturing operation.  Since that time Liz and Misti have automated the factory and increased the business to service customers involved in mass retail.  
The girls still work the business everyday to make sure each batch of products meets the requirements of their customers.  They also strive to use pre-consumer content in products.  Pre-consumer Recycling is the movement of material from a finished or partially finished product backwards into the production chain.  Materials are sourced from the point of harvest or at the beginning of the production process before the introduction of any foreign substance.  Sustainability and the promise of industrial ecology are well served when materials are diverted from landfills.
AMP’s packaged wood products are sourced and packaged in Alabama, located in the Southeastern United States.  The manufacturing facilities adhere to a high standard of worker safety and environmental stewardship.  We value our Client’s choice to select and use our products and we seek to:
* Produce useful low friction products 
* Provide stable employment for local workers
* Reduce clogging of landfills
* Reduce timber cutting

Pricing & Freight Terms:
Possession of AMP catalog does not constitute an offer to sell and does not qualify the holder the ability to purchase at wholesale. Prior to any sale, we require a Customer Information Form with a Resale Tax Certificate (if applicable) to be signed and completed in full. Upon completion, a determination will be made whether to set up an account for the applicant. We do not collect sales tax for retail customers.
Please remember our preference is to sell to retail dealers with storefront displays operating during normal business hours. Our business is to serve you and we will do our best to have answers to your questions at our fingertips, however, sometimes questions may require some research. Please understand that we may have to return your call at a later time to allow for accurate research and answers.
Will-Call Orders:
We are happy to stage products for you to pick up at any of our manufacturing or warehouse facilities. Please give us twenty-four hours to confirm that your order is ready.

Delivery:
AMP delivers to qualified dealers in some regional areas. Service Charges are specified on a written quote and applied to the invoice.
Pricing:
Qualified dealers, wholesalers and brokers receive updated pricing in July. The catalog includes the retail price and minimum advertised price for individual items, leadtime for delivery outside of forecast, annual program details, UPC and product specifications. The catalog is available for download at www.packagedwood.com/catalog




Freight:

UPS: 
Dealers meeting their annual minimum orders of $450 dealer cost will receive shipments via United Parcel Service, regular ground or similarly priced 
carrier. All shipments will be prepaid and billed to your account. Invoices 
must be paid within contract terms to receive any freight allowance.

Freight: 
Minimum orders of $7500.00 dealer cost will be shipped via auto freight. All 
orders will be prepaid and billed to your account unless otherwise specified 
in writing on your purchase order/order form. Invoices must be paid within 
contract terms to receive freight allowance. Shipments are sent via the 
“best” method as determined by AMP unless a preferred carrier is 
designated at the time the order is placed. 

Exclusions:
Programs to meet minimum dealer orders are offered twice per year, in the summer and the fall. Program purchases include free freight.

Errors:
AMP reserves the right to correct errors in quotes, orders invoices or other documents.

Shipping:
All freight is shipped FOB all AMP Warehouses. Same-day shipping is employed 
whenever possible and priority is given to orders placed before 10:00 a.m., central time. It is crucial that a staff member is available at your store to accept deliveries. There is a significant charge added by the carrier to handle COD shipments; shipments may be prepaid to save the service charge.
Goods are sent via the “best” method as determined by AMP under the freight program. If a specific carrier is preferred at other times, it should be designated at the time the order is placed. All orders are shipped at your option and risk. Certain items are subject to damage if left in the elements for extended period of time, particularly charcoal and firewood. We recommend receiving and storing these goods under the cover of a roof. Freight quotes are offered as a tool to dealers without a guarantee of pricing unless in writing from AMP.  AMP is subject to residential fees, delivery location fees and other additional charges incurred from the carrier, and these will be passed on to the dealer as applicable.  AMP cannot guarantee stock of inventory in every warehouse location. If an item is in stock at an alternate warehouse we will do our best to keep freight charges to the dealer at a minimum by including the item on an inter-company stock transfer. However, any additional freight charges to bring or ship product from another warehouse will be the responsibility of the dealer. Some items may not be recommended to ship via UPS, despite being sized for UPS approval. These items will be noted as such on your sales order confirmation. In these instances, AMP will not ship the item with freight allowance. If the dealer requests in writing, the item may ship via UPS. The dealer then accepts liability for the product and any damage and costs that may be incurred.

Billing:
Many customers pay COD, VISA or Mastercard. Open account billing is available in most areas of the country to customers who can show a two year business history and are approved for credit. Approval takes one week from receipt of the completed application. AMP reserves the right to refuse credit to anyone.
Payments:
Terms of sale are noted on each invoice. Invoice due dates are calculated from the date of shipping. Exceptions are noted on each invoice. Payment is to be made by invoices as statements are not issued unless requested. Payments are only to be made with business or cashier’s checks; personal checks will not be accepted. Credits are to be used toward future purchases as a deduction on invoices due. 
Past Due:
Past due and disputed accounts will be placed on COD. Any account 60 days overdue will lose its credit privilege. Invoices past due are subject to a finance charge not to exceed 1-1/2% per month. In addition to such late payment charges, costs and expenses associated with collection of past due amounts, including reasonable attorney’s fees, shall be added to the amounts past due. 
Bad Checks:
All returned checks will incur a $40.00 service charge. The account will be placed on COD.

Product Terms and Returns:

Custom and Special Orders:

Custom or special orders include custom cut, custom assembled or special order. These items cannot be returned for credit. To insure accuracy, please have your order repeated back to you or confirmed in writing. AMP will not accept returns or grant credit on custom cut or assembled products. We require a fax or emailed order for custom or special items. If the finished product match our written sales order, any changes will be made at your expense. Orders over $1,001.00 or new accounts may be required to prepay rather than sending COD and you will be 
asked to mail payment to AMP before the order is ENTERED. Special orders of non-stock items must be in case quantities, if applicable. Once special orders for non-stock products have been placed with production, cancellation is subject to the production. Custom, Special Orders and Non-Stock goods cannot be returned for credit.

Product Returns:
In order for us to properly credit your account, all merchandise must be pre-Approved with a Return Authorization Number prior to shipping back to AMP.  To request a Return Authorization Number, contact AMP, either by telephone or FAX. 
Please have the invoice number available for the item originally purchased; this will expedite your credit. If approved, a Return Authorization Number will be assigned. Ship pre-approved merchandise to AMP accompanied by the Return Authorization Number; product will not be accepted without an accompanying “R.A.” number. Return Authorizations are void at 30 days from the issue date if product has not been returned. All merchandise must be unused and in the original carton. Special Order, Non-Stock and Discontinued merchandise will not be accepted for return. Freight charges to return product are not the responsibility of AMP. Only those goods purchased within 120 days may be returned for credit or exchange. Defective merchandise must be shipped to Birmingham, Alabama regardless if the product originated from another warehouse location, and freight must be pre-paid. Notify AMP of your intention of returning defective goods by filing a Warranty Service Authorization Form with us prior to shipping. Goods will not be accepted at the AMP warehouse without a Return Authorization Number attached and the proper Information received. Credit for returned merchandise should be issued within two weeks of the return provided the above conditions are met. All credits are issued to accounts toward future purchases. Shipment must be prepaid or it will be refused at the warehouse. Freight charges will not be credited. All returns are subject to a minimum 20% restocking fee.

Warranties on Defective Goods:
All products are fully warranted to the original owner against defects in materials and workmanship for the lifetime of the product. If a product ever fails due to a manufacturing defect, even after extended use, we will exchange or replace the product without charge, at our discretion. This warranty does not cover damage caused by accident, improper care, negligence, normal wear and tear or the natural breakdown of colors and materials over extended time and use. Warranty does not include shipping or freight. Warranty requests should be sent to the sales department and returns must be accompanied by a return authorization form. If credit is issued by AMP, it will be applied to your account for future purchases. Cash refunds are not disbursed.
